Misa Criolla is a very famous piece and I'm surprised that so many people
in the Netherlands Argentinean know this.
There is a tradition in the performance of this piece
like in the barock music
Actually this tradition started with the first recording in the sixties
performed by Los Fronterisos and Ariel Ramirez,
I heared these performances when I was a child
Musica Temprana always performs barock music
This is the first time we are going to record a piece from the sixties
This music, the Misa Criolla comes from the barock music
remarkable is the way to sing this piece
the voice with classical education is based on resonance
and in this piece it is about stress on the vocal chords
such that it almost sounds like whining
therefore it makes the music very emotional
You should never let go, it is always fixed
I think we have a nice chance to perform the Misa Criolla in the Netherlands
We have so much musicians from different Latin American countries
really good musicians, and these two give us the possibility to develop a real Latin American version
like we perform barock music from this whole continent
giving us a general Latin American sound
We have always had the Misa in ourselves,
We have grown with it
Now we are ready to perform it